# Pro Core
Apparently, the Eldians are all heirs of a woman who made a pact with a "demon", which gave her the first powers of the Titan. This is the origin of the Founder Titan mentioned above. Ymir Fritz, the woman in question, used this power to promote prosperity and peace. She cultivated her lands, created roads and bridges, and rapidly advanced this new civilization. After an indeterminate period of time, Ymir passed away and her soul was divided into nine successors, many of the titan/human shifters we already know, the Colossal Titan, Battleship, Female, Chariot, Mandible, and Beast. However, their memories would live on forever thanks to the power of the Founding Titan.

The Eldian Empire was divided into eight houses, each led by one of the nine titans, who were in constant conflict for generations. The Founding Titan, under the power of the Fritz family, was in charge of restoring the balance among the other heirs of Ymir. After conquering much of the land, several nations, such as Marley, created an enormous hatred for Eldia, and desired its annihilation.

It finally disbanded after 1700 years at the end of the Great Titan War, dividing between those who exiled themselves to Paradis Island with King Fritz 145, and those who remained on the mainland to be interned in Marley internment zones.

The Eldians of Paradis Island reside in a large walled territory, seeking protection from the threat posed by the Titans. They are unaware of the existence of the rest of civilization. Here, we come full circle and understand the existence of these humans so backward in their knowledge, as they live in a kind of pre-industrial Germany, whose best and most innovative invention has been the three-dimensional mobility device. The legal measures within the walls and the teaching within the walls, seek the limitation of the advancement and development of civilization.

On this island the belief has been held for generations that they are the only human survivors of the terror of the Titans, when in reality, all humans residing there, at some point may have been Titans.

Armin transcribes the details Eren grants him from Grisha's memories, discovering that Eren Kruger had a desire to restore Eldia, which led him to participate in the persecution of his people to maintain his false identity. Kruger then reveals that those who possess the Titan Power live only thirteen years, along with the two means of succession and the nature of the Coordinate, and asks Grisha to infiltrate Paradis and take the Founder Titan from the royal family. Kruger explains his reasons for selecting Grisha while advising him to start a new family before proceeding to inject him with the Titan serum, "incoherently" mentioning Armin and Mikasa.

In the present, Eren and Mikasa are released to participate in the conference between the government. Historia also attends after reading Ymir's farewell letter, glimpsing her friend's memories as a result. With the evidence presented before the council, Hange laments that his enemies now include humans other than Titans, while it is established that Eren could command the Pure Titans despite not being of the royal bloodline. At this point Eren realizes that he commanded the Pure Titans because he touched the form of Dina Fritz's Pure Titan, keeping it a secret for fear of what the military might do to History if he revealed this knowledge.

At the Paradis government meeting, Historia decides that the people inside the walls must know the truth about the Titans just as the Titans' breach of the wall was the beginning of a planned invasion by the Marley state. This information is met with mixed reactions among the populace. When Hitch approaches the survivors at a ceremony to honor their fallen comrades, Floch tells him how heroic Marlo was, and also raises the difficult question of why Armin received the serum instead of Erwin, a controversial decision even among the survivors.

Historia presents the nine survivors with their medals, Eren touches his hand and is immediately flooded with memories of the royal Fritz family, indicating a connection through Titan blood. A year after the attack on the Trost district, the Titans inside Wall Maria were killed and the inhabitants returned to their villages to begin rebuilding and farming. Six years after the fall of the wall, reconnaissance troops, including the survivors, begin expeditions outside the wall again. One day they find a Titan unable to move due to its small arms and legs and realize that they must be near the perimeter wall where Marley turns the Eldians into Titans.
